RPATH on by default (#241)
easybuilders/easybuild-docs: docs/easybuild-v5/enhancements.md

Various significant enhancements are included in EasyBuild v5.0, including:

* [`run_shell_cmd` function][run_shell_cmd]

> * [Enable `--rpath` by default][rpath]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Enable RPATH linking by default][rpath]
```

See dedicated page on the new [`run_shell_cmd` function](run_shell_cmd.md).

---

> ## Enable `--rpath` by default {: #rpath }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Enable RPATH linking by default {: #rpath }
```

> The [`--rpath` option][rpath_support] is enabled by default (see [easybuild-framework PR #4448](https://github.com/easybuilders/easybuild-framework/pull/4448)). The benefits for enabling RPATH are explained in [Why RPATH?][rpath_support_why].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [RPATH linking][rpath_support] is enabled by default in EasyBuild v5.0 (see [easybuild-framework PR #4448](https://github.com/easybuilders/easybuild-framework/pull/4448)).

The benefits for enabling RPATH are explained in [Why RPATH?][rpath_support_why].

> This enhancement **does not** add any filtering of environment variables. This means that environment variables, such as
> `$LD_LIBRARY_PATH`, will continue to appear in the module files unless EasyBuild is configured to filter these variables
> (see [Relation to `$LD_LIBRARY_PATH`][rpath_support_LD_LIBRARY_PATH]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enhancement **does not** add any filtering of environment variables. This means `$LD_LIBRARY_PATH`
will continue to be appended by the environment module files EasyBuild generates,
unless it is configured to filter these variables (via `--filter-env-vars`).
See also [Relation to `$LD_LIBRARY_PATH`][rpath_support_LD_LIBRARY_PATH]).
```

> To disable RPATH output, either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable RPATH linking, either:

* Use the `--disable-rpath` command line option;
* Set the `$EASYBUILD_DISABLE_RPATH` environment variable;

> * Disable trace mode in a [configuration file](../configuration.md#configuration_file):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Disable RPATH linking in an EasyBuild [configuration file](../configuration.md#configuration_file):
```

    ``` ini
    [override]

>     rapth=0

Reviewer: typo:

```suggestion
    rpath=0
```

See dedicated page on the new [`run_shell_cmd` function](run_shell_cmd.md).

---

## Enable RPATH linking by default {: #rpath }

> The [RPATH linking][rpath_support] is enabled by default in EasyBuild v5.0 (see [easybuild-framework PR #4448](https://github.com/easybuilders/easybuild-framework/pull/4448)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[RPATH linking][rpath_support] is enabled by default in EasyBuild v5.0 (see [easybuild-framework PR #4448](https://github.com/easybuilders/easybuild-framework/pull/4448)).
```

---

## Enable RPATH linking by default {: #rpath }

[RPATH linking][rpath_support] is enabled by default in EasyBuild v5.0 (see [easybuild-framework PR #4448](https://github.com/easybuilders/easybuild-framework/pull/4448)).

The benefits for enabling RPATH are explained in [Why RPATH?][rpath_support_why].

This enhancement **does not** add any filtering of environment variables. This means `$LD_LIBRARY_PATH`
will continue to be appended by the environment module files EasyBuild generates,

> unless it is configured to filter these variables (via `--filter-env-vars`).
> See also [Relation to `$LD_LIBRARY_PATH`][rpath_support_LD_LIBRARY_PATH]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unless it is configured to filter these variables (via `--filter-env-vars`,
see also [Relation to `$LD_LIBRARY_PATH`][rpath_support_LD_LIBRARY_PATH]).
```
